What about Mr. Ju, secretary?
That trash in Dali
Who is qualified to attend the banquet of the city head?
Didn't he come here to dirty the place?
It's just a soft rice
Again
Isn't this banquet dedicated to thanking my sister?
This is Mr. Gao, the president of our Gao Group
The master said it
Only when Mr. Xu arrives can the banquet begin
Is there any misunderstanding?
I've seen a loser before
Would you like to notify?
I'm just doing things impartially
Just wait until Mr. Xu arrives.
That useless thing is made by hand
I don't know where I saw him
Why are you still here?
Mom, what do we do?
We can't wait here forever, can we?
Really.
Hey, you have a big shelf.
There's still a group of people waiting here for so long
Didn't I say I wouldn't let you come?
Why are you here?
Yes, the hand invited me personally
The hand is waiting for you in person
That's for the sake of our Lan Lan
Oh, dear.
Thank you for failing to look up to our Gao family so much
Who are you?
Mr. Xu, please